Do you think you can save him?
What?
I need to do his operation first.
But it’s bleeding in his biliary system...
No need to explain.
Tell me if you can save him or not.
As a doctor.
You idiot! What do you think you're doing?
Answer me!
I can save him.
Then save him.
Let’s move him to the OR.
Get back! I'm telling you for the last time.
As of now, protecting the medical team and the patient
is our priority.
Everyone, stand in front a line.
From this moment on, you can open fire at
anyone who threatens these people.
Look, Captain!
You'd better know exactly what you're doing.
You do your job.
The doctor will save our patient
and I will protect them.
Let’s move him now.
The VIP patient is in the OR.
Our soldiers are in a standoff
with Chairman Mubarat's Secret Service Team.
They're pointing guns at each other. -
From the perspective of medicine,
our medical team made the right choice.
It's not important whether the medical team made the right choice or not.
This guy is President Mubarat of the Arab League.
What if things go wrong?
Any wrong, our government
will go against the entire Arab world.
Let's start the operation. Scalpel.
You crazy idiots! Stop now!
Yoo Shi Jin! Seo Dae Young!
Why isn't anyone answering?
Sir! All the Special Forces soldiers are standing by
on the drill ground in full kit.
DEFCON1 in the Taeback Unit.
I can hear that!
I know. Get the car ready!
Sir!
You idiots! Because of you,
FPCON 1 is in effect.
War might break out.
Anyone who's listening to me! Deliver my message to Yoo Shi Jin.
Get the doctor out of the room, stop the operation immediately
and hand the patient over to his team.
Or I'll kill those
disobeying military orders!
Once you start, there's no turning back.
If you've changed your mind...
Doctor Song, this one here.
It's a subcostal incision, right?
The history sheet didn’t mention any operation.
It means, except for the facts we have found out,
we can't trust anything in the sheet.
So this is an extremely dangerous operation.
For the patient, for us, and for the soldiers outside…
If I don't do it because it's dangerous,
he'll die.
As doctors, we have no other option.
Let's begin.
You know,
for 1.6 billion Arabs
you are pointing the knife on the heart of peace.
The doctor is just operating on a patient who needs surgery.
As I guessed,
and now I’ve confirmed,
the patient had a gallbladder operation.
The tissue is all adhering together.
Let's take care of that first.
One by one.
Cautery snare!
Blood pressure's dropping fast.
He's bleeding too much.
Give him more blood. Quick!
-Blood pressure's dropping more. –What should we do?
If things go wrong,
we'll all die.
I'm a father now.
Anything goes wrong, you will pay for this.
Inshallah!
It's all up to Allah.
This isn't working.
We don't have time.
The most important thing is to
clean up this area here quickly, and…
Doctor Song, more blood.
We can deal with the amount of blood he's losing.
Let’s get rid of the adhesions first and stop the bleeding.
Let's do as
what we originally planned.
But...
Stop whining and go get about 10 RBC packs.
Let’s do it again.
Let's keep going.
-How's it going? -The operation is still going on.
I think the Arab doctor has arrived.
Good.
We’ve taken care of the aneurysm.
His blood pressure is stabilizing.
Good. Let's
clean up the area
and suture the blood vessels.
Seems like the operations went well.
It'll leave a scar.
if I had the right chart.
It could have been better
Well, the patient still needs to wake up
to call the surgery a success.
I'd still be worried if I were you.
If I'd just sat around
and worried and did nothing,
you'd have a dead body now.
He could still die.
I know that.
Are you okay?
I'll keep an eye on him. Go get some rest.
I'm okay.
I'm just hungry.
Take Ms. Ha and Ms. Choi, you go to eat something.
Come back and switch places with me.
Okay.
By the way,
what if he doesn't wake up?
There'll be a case report
about hepatic artery aneurysms
and world history will change a little.
Can something go wrong while he's in recovery?
The operation was successful.
But if he starts bleeding again...
I don't need an explanation.
We need to wait and see what happens.
We avoided
the worst-case scenario of exchanging fire,
but we need to deal with them diplomatically.
Don't you think you should do something to the leader?
Commander here. Connect me to the signal corps.
Alpha Team Seo Dae Young, can you hear me?
This is Commander Yun.
Yes, sir! Sergeant Seo Dae Young!
Detain Captain Yoo Shi Jin for insubordination.
Confine him to the barracks.
I know. As your superior,
I'm proud of you.
Thank you.
However, an order is an order.
Carry it out.
Corporal Gong Chul Ho!
Captain Yoo Shi Jin! You're being charged with insubordination
and will be detained in the barracks.
I'm not running off. I've been summoned.
Take care of things.
Is he here to watch us?
I don't think he's here to eat cup noodles with us.
It hasn't been three minutes yet.
No. I can't remember how much gauze was left.
I hope I didn't
leave some in his belly.
That's not funny.
Besides,
Ms. Ha is really thorough...
Should I go and check again? How many were there originally?
What are you talking about?
On the commander’s orders,
you'll be detained in this supply storehouse
to wait for further orders.
I'd rather stay in the food storehouse.
Sir!
Seo Dae Young. Get out!
You crazy idiot!
The captain is locked up in here with his army in a mess.
I'm sorry, sir!
Why did you do that then?
Do you know how many people are in trouble
because of what you've done?
-I have no excuse to offer. -Of course not.
If you can follow the order, you'll get promoted
and receive a military decoration.
You are suffering from your own actions.
I have no regrets.
I made the decision
and I take full responsibility.
You’d better do.
Where's Captain Yoo?
He's been locked up. He's not allowed to have visitors.
For five minutes. Please?
Seo Dae Young,
where's that crazy doctor
called Kang Mo Yeon?
Go get her.
I want to meet her.
When the president wakes up...
I'm Kang Mo Yeon.
How’s the VIP? Is he still unconscious?
We're watching him.
That's not what I want to hear. What if he doesn't wake up?
It’s rational as a doctor when I diagnosed and treated him.
You seem so proud.
If you get fired,
you can start your own clinic.
Because you're a famous doctor.
You don't care what you did to Yoo Shi Jin.
His career as a soldier
for the past several years has been completely ruined.
If the president can’t make it,
the rest of his life will be ruined,
thanks to your rational decision.
Please make sure he wakes up.
That way, you and I will survive.
Please.
Sir!
About the president's status...
Stop.
I don't want to see you.
Pack your stuff and go to the airport.
You're still being transferred.
I know that, but the captain is suspended
and I'm the...
Why couldn't you stop him earlier?
Do you want to be punished for defiance?
Sergeant Choi will be in charge temporarily.
You're going back to Korea, as ordered.
Are you clear?
Yes, sir!
One more thing. Listen to me carefully.
When you get back and are investigated,
Yoo Shi Jin is responsible for everything.
Don't forget that.
Go!
Are you leaving now?
I'm leaving at 21:00.
You don't want to stay?
Why don't you try to disobey the order?
I want to stay, but this is an order.
I'm sorry that I have to leave at the time.
I'm here to report my transfer.
I've been suspended. I’m not your superior anymore.
Don't bother.
The orders that my superior gave me today
were all correct.
And the orders that my superior
gave me today were honorable.
I'll see you back in our homeland, sir.
I'll buy you a drink. Three days straight.
Sir! From May 24th, 2015,
Sergeant Seo Dae Young
was ordered to the Special Forces Command.
Over, Sir!
Good.
20:50. You have 10 minutes.
It's Kang Mo Yeon.
Let's go.
Yes, sir.
I'm glad you're here.
Are you here to visit me?
I'm sorry.
You don’t have to.
The patient hasn’t woken up.
You're worried about too many men.
Save your feelings.
From now on, you can only worry about me.
Just now I saw the moment.
I think what you said in the past was true.
What do you mean?
You were really sexy in the OR.
Why did you do that?
You had a choice.
It didn't have to come down to this.
I told you.
It's my philosophy that I protect
beautiful ladies, senior citizens, and children.
I had a beautiful lady and
also a senior citizen in front of me.
But I can’t protect them.
You were very brave today.
You know?
Are you crying?
Are you okay in there? You need anything?
Can I get some C4 and RDX?
What's that?
Explosives.
I was okay
but now I want to blow up this door out.
Because of someone.
Even in this moment,
you’re still kidding me.
It's hard, but I can pull it off.
I
I think time's up.
Here. I thought you might need it.
I have to go.
Thank you.
It's exactly what I need.
He is okay now.
What are you doing? Move!
Hey! He's just a kid.
What's wrong?
Mr. President, can you see me?
Follow my finger.
He awakes!
I thought I was going to die.
I thought I'd die at the age of 37
in a foreign country.
The patient survived and we survive.
I'm so relieved.
My parents are rich, but not rich enough
to deal with this situation.
Right. Even your parents couldn't fix it.
This is the second time in my career that
I've been so scared in the OR.
When was the first time?
When I operated for her mother,
I was so nervous that something might go wrong.
Let's go. The chairman is leaving.
Attention! Salute!
At ease!
The president is moving with his doctor.
to the city.
The operation was a success and they got along well.
All are gone.
Glad to hear that.
Don't worry.
Have a safe trip.
I have a whiny kid here.
Let me put you on speakerphone.
This is Private Kim Ki Bum,
in the service of communications.
How can you do that to me?
How can you leave me like this?
I left. The electronic dictionary is yours.
Study hard for your test.
Sergeant Choi, make sure he studies hard.
Okay. I’ll keep an eye on him.
Yes, sir.
Good. Fighting. I got to go.
This is the one that I came here for.
But he showed up here. What should I do?
Where are you go?
Run away again?
I asked if you were running away from me.
Sergeant Seo Dae Young. I was ordered to return to the homeland…
Tell me that this is a strategic retreat.
Tell me to wait.
Tell me that you'll come back whatever it takes.
There are lots of mosquitoes.
Keep your uniform on even if it's really hot.
What's this?
What do you want me to do?
I want you to take care of yourself.
Ma'am!
Why did you hug me and touch me?
If you touch me, be responsible for that. Asshole.
You said I can't be happy if I still love you.
You were so kind to your ex.
Why can’t you do that to me?
Did you love her with all your heart?
Why do you ask?
It decides how far the revenge goes.
I promised her that I'd make her happy.
Ruining her wedding
won't make her happy at all, right?
If she still has feelings for me, she can't be happy.
You're not here to hurt her. You came here to comfort her?
How did you...
I was wondering whom you’re going to marry.
I saw him.
You didn't talk to him, did you?
I might on my way out.
Dae Young, please...
Hello. Congratulations on your wedding.
Who's she?
I thought I should say hi.
Thank you for leaving him.
I'm his girlfriend.
Anyway, how should I address you?
You can call me Doctor Yoon.
I'm a doctor.
Is she really your girlfriend?
Anyway.
Thanks to her.
I don't think I'll miss you anymore.
You're marrying him.
I want you to be happy.
Congratulations. I mean it.
Do you regret it?
No. I feel free.
I feel a little regretful.
What do you mean?
I don't know.
It’s weird.
Anyway, I did my part.
Don't forget to tell Yoo Shi Jin that we're seeing each other.
Don't worry.
I said I wouldn't marry Yoo Shi Jin.
I didn't say I won’t marry all my life.
What did you tell people?
I said I was going out with Lieutenant Yoon Myung Joo.
That's all I said.
Then the camp has the rumor that
you and I slept together?
I guess they have good imaginations.
Sergeant Seo, do you think this is funny?
It's rather amusing, yes.
You're completely okay with this?
How can you men think that
dating is sleeping?
A man’s thought. Don't worry about it.
If you love someone, then sleep...
-Sleep what? -My mistake.
You can't fool me.
Is that what you men all thinking about?
For me, I can only sleep with…
We must lose.
I don’t know how to win,
but I know how to get even.
How?
We can make the rumor true.
Make the rumor ture...
How dare you!
Are you okay?
-Unbelievable you’re this kind. –I’m sorry.
How dare you!
It’s reported that Lieutenant Yoon Myung Joo
has arrived at Taebaek Unit in Uruk.
And Sergeant Seo Dae Young
left the Uruk Airport at 13:00.
It's the Blue House.
Put it through.
-This is Commander Yoon. -This is Lee Hansu.
Just now, the Arab League asked for our cooperation
regarding the president's surgery, unofficially.
In a nutshell,
they insisted the operation never happened.
Therefore he's never been in the Medical Zone.
They don't want any record regarding this incident
and our government promised its full cooperation.
About Captain Yoo Shi Jin,
we'll respect your decision
whether to reward or reprimand him.
We’ll do that.
Is Yoo Shi Jin still being detained?
Yes, sir.
Destroy the operation documents  and release Yoo Shi Jin.
The disciplinary committee will be held as planned.
Is he still going to be punished?
Connect me to the Commander of the Taebaek Unit.
Are there so many beans in Uruk?
Why didn't you stop him?
You were detained for two days in the storehouse
and released. I prepared this tofu meal,
with tofu stew on the right, and tofu and kimchi on the left.
I carved a star as well.
Released?
No?
Then…
Cut loose? It’s action.
I’m taking action, you idiot!
What's wrong with him?
I'll educate him more.
Take this one first.
You two can live thanks to Sergeant Choi.
-Attention! -Sir!
Let me say something here.
We were under a state of emergency
and my deputy was also absent,
yet you did well.
We're having a feast with tofu today,
but I'll treat you to pork belly this weekend.
Let's dig in. That's all.
Thank you, sir!
Why are you leaving?
Didn't you come here to see me?
Later. Go ahead and eat.
No. Let's talk now.
I thought you were a quack, but I was wrong.
-You saved him. -You told me to save him.
Wow. Such a good girl.
You told me not to
interfere with the medical services team.
You don't let things go, do you?
You've become quite chic
overnight.
If you feel gratitude, say thank me.
Thank you for trusting me.
Were you scared?
To be honest, yes.
Yes.
Were you scared as well?
This is a normal situation for a guy like me.
And I've been meaning to tell you this,
but I haven't had the chance.
I said some doctors should be on TV.
I didn't mean it.
I hoped you'd forget about it.
You weren't completely wrong.
For the doctor who wanted to save a patient
while in grave danger,
it wasn't true..
If you say so, then you tell the truth.
You think they would really open fire?
I don't want to hear it.
Don't tell me… Don't tell me.
Captain!
Hello. Welcome, Dr. Kang and Captain Yoo!
I heard that I was able to live because of your wise decision.
Thanks to you,
Allah allowed me more time to work.
Thank you, in the name of Allah.
You have a problem with your heart.
You should avoid stress.
Try to avoid hassles for a while
and relax as much as possible.
Indeed, doctors have no nationalities.
You nag a lot.
War is easy,
but peace is troublesome.
I guess that's why dictators live long.
I think I can connect better with a soldier
than a doctor.
But I'll keep Dr. Kang's advice in mind.
I think Allah has prepared something for me.
It was an honor to treat
a great man like you.
I'm the one who should thank you. This is a gift.
It's not just any business card.
This card will save you in any bad situations,
anywhere there are Arabs.
Thank you so much, but can you give us one more?
We're two people here.
This might get wet.
I guess this is some sort of free pass.
Give me one. I want to check it out.
I will drive.
I will take the car for the day.
How could you waste that card on renting a car?
You could've bought a rental car company with it.
Are you out of your mind?
I didn't know you were such a reckless man.
Don't you have any passion? They have lots of petroleum here.
In their country,
if you dig in the ground, you'll find petroleum.
If you sell petroleum...
Geez. We saved his life.
He was willing to give us anything we wanted.
You thought it’s wrong? I think it's worth it.
What do you mean?
I have two and a half hours of free time.
At this speed, I can get there in half an hour.
I have two hours to have a date with you.
Crazy! Completely crazy!
You wasted that card on a stupid date.
Besides, who said I wanted a date with you?
I didn't need your opinion.
Let's have some coffee.
Why didn't you ask?
I still can't believe it.
This is mine. Don't even think about touching it.
What should I do with it?
Should I open up a hospital there in Arab?
I should have taken a picture with him.
I could have put it on the wall of my clinic.
I’ll be rich, right?
Why did you become a doctor?
I was good at school.
I was a math genius.
That's very persuasive.
Doctors can make lots of money
and I'd rather see money
fall into my lap than chase it.
I don't care what people say, but I work as much as I get paid.
If I'm going to open up a hospital, I'd choose Gangnam.
I don't care if you think
I'm too material.
Why do you pretend to be a terrible person?
I reached the conclusion
that I became a doctor to be rich.
A lot of things happened after you left
and I've changed a lot.
However, you don't seem to have changed at all.
I've become more handsome. Doesn't it?
You're still a funny guy.
You look prettier when you smile.
Excuse me.
Yes, I am.
UN?
Who?
- I'm sorry, but... - Again?
-Do you have to go? –Yes. Can you take the car back?
This is always how our dates end,
no matter we’re in Korea and even here.
Where are you going?
Can’t you tell me? Because of regulations?
Am I not allowed to go there?
It's not that you're not allowed,
but it won't help me if I take you.
Why are you so secretive about everything?
Because what I do
isn't helping our relationship.
What if I still want to come along?
Well done, guys.
Get back to work.
Oh, captain!
-Look over there. - Mask!
Okay, okay.
Say kimchi. One, two, three!
Kimchi!
Let's go.
We'd better get to work.
It was a long day. Get some rest.
Was he a fellow soldier?
The funeral.
You must have waited a long time.
You could've asked me in the car.
He was a fellow soldier.
-How did he... -For trying to keep peace.
So it means…
Means that if you...
Let's not talk about that.
See? I told you.
This isn't helping.
Get some rest.
Excuse me.
I can't find Captain Yoo. Where is he?
He was summoned to headquarters.
For a disciplinary committee.
A disciplinary committee? Why?
I thought everything was settled.
Maybe not.
If you violate an order, you go to jail under martial law.
You insisted to do the surgery.
Why you didn't know?
I repeat.
We've decided that this committee can't
officially punish you for insubordination.
However, we hope you will never do that again.
As for the battle of diffusing bombs on May 18th,
you didn’t follow the order,
so we’ve decided your pay will be cut for the next three months.
Any objections?
No, sir!
You also won't be considered for
a nominee for scheduled promotions next month.
Any objections?
No, sir!
Good. Dismissed.
Sir!
What are you thinking?
You shouldn't trip over something like this.
How dare you!
-When did you get here? -Yesterday.
I heard that you were suffered.
Don't admire me too much.
Why didn't you open up a clinic in Gangnam
instead of coming all the way here?
How dare you! I'm an ambitious woman.
I need to get military decorations.
You caused a big stir this time.
I might get one before you.
Good for you.
You're not looking for Sergeant Seo?
You know he's gone back to Korea.
I saw him at the airport.
That explains it. Is everything okay?
Whose side are you on?
I'm always on my country's side.
Thank you.
She looks quite familiar.
I agree.
See you later.
I'm the one responsible
for the whole thing.
Why does Captain Yoo have to take the fall all alone?
He didn't do anything.
Yes, he did.
A soldier disobeyed his superior.
You saved a life as a doctor.
You did your job.
It's different in the army.
I was there. I can testify as a witness.
I'll take responsibility for what I did wrong.
Look, Doctor.
This isn't a trial.
You don't know what a reprimand is?
He'll get a pay cut for three months
and is excluded from the next promotion.
How can you take responsibility for that?
Sir!
I'm sorry.
Come here.
Hey.
What do you think you're doing?
Why do you have to cause trouble?
Cause trouble?
Because of me, your life is...
It's not because of you.
Do you think I did it
to impress a girl?
Do you remember the gunshot
you saw the day we met?
On the first day I was commissioned to my platoon,
one of the soldiers there told me
a soldier's uniform is a shroud.
When we die for our country somewhere far away from our home,
that spot is our grave
and our uniform is our shroud.
You need to be mentally prepared for that.
If you're mentally prepared for that,
you’ll be honorable every moment.
There's no reason why you shouldn’t be.
I owe him my life.
That's when
I got that gunshot.
Whether it's big or small, whatever decision I make
I have to consider the honor, pride,
and sense of duty to my fellow soldiers.
That's what I did the other day.
I made a decision while considering all that
and I have no regrets.
However, that doesn't mean
that I can get away with disobeying my superiors.
This is for the army to take care of.
Can you please
let it go?
I'm sorry that
my concern
interfered with your job.
Sir. Where are you?
Have you arrived home safely?
I'm on the road.
On the road?
Yes. On the road!
I'm on my way to our barracks.
You're on your way to barracks?
Yes. I have a long way to go though.
A road trip.
Okay. Whatever.
Have you seen Myung Joo?
That's not important.
I can't get promoted and I got a pay cut.
I'm not surprised at all.
How much money have you wasted for a woman?
It's not because of a woman.
I'm a soldier who put the safety of a citizen...
That citizen is pretty.
Geez!
Did you call me to make me angry?
That's not why I called,
but since I called, I mentioned it.
Did you see Myung Joo or not?
Sergeant Seo, this is an international call.
How much money are you wasting on a woman?
Sir!
Thank you.
Check the kitchen counter.
You got a pay cut and can't get promoted.
I thought you might need a drink on a day like this.
What do you want?
I want some water.
Then why are you leaving?
Drink some water.
I thought you might want to be alone.
No. I want to be with you.
I've said it many times.
Don't go. Come here.
How about some wine instead of water?
I'm a soldier. I can't drink.
Didn't you take it out to drink?
I did.
But there's a witness now.
I'm sorry that I caused trouble earlier.
I was going to apologize to you first.
Let's call it even.
You haven't.
I was just kidding. I'm sorry.
How did you get back?
I ran.
I'm a fast runner, you know.
I saw you getting out of a car.
You saw that.
Then why did you ask?
I wanted you to say something silly.
You look good in your uniform.
I'm sorry that you had to go
to the disciplinary committee in that outfit.
How do you know this was a uniform?
How wouldn’t I?
Women have fantasies about men in uniforms.
That's why I became a soldier.
Is it good?
Yes.
Do you enjoy drinking?
I wanted to watch a movie
and have a drink with you.
It could've been the perfect date.
Did you watch the movie?
No.
Why not?
Because I wanted to watch it with someone.
Then I thought.
Next time when I choose a movie,
I shouldn't pick a good one.
That movie has ten million audiences.
Every day there was an article of it.
It reminded me of you often.
Do you want a mouthful?
I think I have a way.
Next Episode
Do you know exactly what
Captain Yoo Shi Jin is up to?
I went against someone.
That’s the reason he wants me dead.
Quick. It's collapsing.
Help. Please help!
Hang in there. I'll be there. I'll find you.
Who's leaving?
It's the Captain.
Captain Yoo?